
When using websockets the normal connection protocol is the TCP which uses handshakes like syn, ack anf fin. Syn and ack are used to establish a connection whilst fin and ack are used to end the conenction. When a client is done it will normally send a "fin" packet to the server to show that the connection can now be closed. To close a TCP connection the client (side a) send a "fin" packet to the server (side b), the server then send and "ack" and a "fin" packet back to the client showing it has seen the "fin" packet and sending its own "fin" to the client. The at least the client send an "ack" packet back to the server. This is a four way handshake.

A problem appears where the first "fin" packet is not sendt properly, there can be many reasons some are losing the network connection, crashes and going to sleep. If this packet is not sendt the server will still look at it like it is still "alive" but there is no user on it. The "websocket manager" will still thnik that the client is connected. 

The code for the chat Arena is made in a way that if a suer reconnects they will be given a new user ID and be put in the queue. But the user ID they had before may also still be in the queue since it hasnt siganled that they are done, so now one person may have 2 connection, but the original one is empty and if not handled correctly it can connect to "living" sockets. This will result in not only queue congestion, but also connectin "living" wesockets to "dead" websockets making a ghost connection. 

There are 2 ways to fix this problem in our code. The first and easy fix is tpo add a ping/pong system were the server sends a ping to the clients ever x seconds. The websocket protocol requieres the client to automatically send back a pomg frame. If the server does nnot revice the poong within 10 seconds. The server teh concludes that the client is dead and closes the socket. 

The second way is to do refactoring for scalability. The code uses global "self._session_lock:" whoich can lead to major bottlenecks when there are many users at the same time. So the ghosting issue can also be fixed if we make the chat arena more suitable since it will eliminate the queue that is made with the many operations under the "self._session_lock"